hey guys um today i'll be doing a
special beyblade battle because it's
going to be a three-way one against the
following three days dude it's not
coming up storm aquario 100 HFS HFS is
in attack mode next one is Pegasus 105
or F I'll clean it it's kurt and storm
Capricorn m 145 Q into inner position
and let's begin the back all right only
not been but so let's begin the battle
31 let it ok so this battle look
completely unfair but the winner was
sore and Pegasus yo Capricorn got
knocked out alright so next round three
two one let it go when I round to swim
tight this is 105 RF well because these
days are so intense i'm not going to do
three rounds plus five rounds best five
because this is just intense hi go get
three two one
what okay that's a problem all right
i'll redo the spin three two women Rex
all right so the winner of round three
is storm aquario 100 HFS three two one
light it
all right then the winner of round four
is storm aquario around five the final
round I hope three two one let it oh by
like the littlest smidge the winner is a
query storm aquario 100 HFS so guys I'm
about to put a query on stamina mode you
say no all right so guys until next time
seconds bye